README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.gatsbyjs.org">
    <img alt="Gatsby" src="https://www.gatsbyjs.org/monogram.svg" width="60" />
  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">
  Gatsby's default starter
</h1>

Kick off your project with this default boilerplate ([live demo](https://gatsby-starter-default-demo.netlify.com/)). This barebones starter ships with the main Gatsby configuration files you might need. 

_Have another more specific idea? You may want to check out our vibrant collection of [official and community-created starters](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/gatsby-starters/)._

## 🚀 Quick start

1.  **Create a Gatsby site.**

    Use the Gatsby CLI to create a new site, specifying the default starter.

    ```sh
    # create a new Gatsby site using the default starter
    npx gatsby new my-default-starter
    ```

1.  **Start developing.**

    Navigate into your new site’s directory and start it up.

    ```sh
    cd my-default-starter/
    gatsby develop
    ```

1.  **Open the source code and start editing!**

    Your site is now running at `http://localhost:8000`!
    
    *Note: You'll also see a second link: `http://localhost:8000/___graphql`. This is a tool you can use to experiment with querying your data. Learn more about using this tool in the [Gatsby tutorial](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/part-five/#introducing-graphiql).*
    
    Open the `my-default-starter` directory in your code editor of choice and edit `src/pages/index.js`. Save your changes and the browser will update in real time!
    
## 🧐 What's inside?

A quick look at the top-level files and directories you'll see in a Gatsby project.

    .
    ├── node_modules
    ├── src
    ├── .gitignore
    ├── .prettierrc
    ├── gatsby-browser.js
    ├── gatsby-config.js
    ├── gatsby-node.js
    ├── gatsby-ssr.js
    ├── LICENSE
    ├── package-lock.json
    ├── package.json
    ├── README.md
    └── yarn.lock

  1.  **`/node_modules`**: This directory contains all of the modules of code that your project depends on (npm packages) are automatically installed.  
  
  2.  **`/src`**: This directory will contain all of the code related to what you will see on the front-end of your site (what you see in the browser) such as your site header or a page template. `src` is a convention for “source code”.
  
  3.  **`.gitignore`**: This file tells git which files it should not track / not maintain a version history for.
  
  4.  **`.prettierrc`**: This is a configuration file for [Prettier](https://prettier.io/). Prettier is a tool to help keep the formatting of your code consistent.
  
  5.  **`gatsby-browser.js`**: This file is where Gatsby expects to find any usage of the [Gatsby browser APIs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/browser-apis/) (if any). These allow customization/extension of default Gatsby settings affecting the browser.
  
  6.  **`gatsby-config.js`**: This is the main configuration file for a Gatsby site. This is where you can specify information about your site (metadata) like the site title and description, which Gatsby plugins you’d like to include, etc. (Check out the [config docs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/gatsby-config/) for more detail).
  
  7.  **`gatsby-node.js`**: This file is where Gatsby expects to find any usage of the [Gatsby Node APIs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/node-apis/) (if any). These allow customization/extension of default Gatsby settings affecting pieces of the site build process.
  
  8.  **`gatsby-ssr.js`**: This file is where Gatsby expects to find any usage of the [Gatsby server-side rendering APIs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/ssr-apis/) (if any). These allow customization of default Gatsby settings affecting server-side rendering.
  
  9.  **`LICENSE`**: Gatsby is licensed under the MIT license.
  
  10.  **`package-lock.json`** (See `package.json` below, first). This is an automatically generated file based on the exact versions of your npm dependencies that were installed for your project. **(You won’t change this file directly).**
  
  11.  **`package.json`**: A manifest file for Node.js projects, which includes things like metadata (the project’s name, author, etc). This manifest is how npm knows which packages to install for your project.
  
  12.  **`README.md`**: A text file containing useful reference information about your project.
  
  13.  **`yarn.lock`**: [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) is a package manager alternative to npm. You can use either yarn or npm, though all of the Gatsby docs reference npm.  This file serves essentially the same purpose as `package-lock.json`, just for a different package management system.

## 🎓 Learning Gatsby

Looking for more guidance? Full documentation for Gatsby lives [on the website](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/). Here are some places to start:

-   **For most developers, we recommend starting with our [in-depth tutorial for creating a site with Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/).** It starts with zero assumptions about your level of ability and walks through every step of the process.

-   **To dive straight into code samples, head [to our documentation](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/).** In particular, check out the _Guides_, _API Reference_, and _Advanced Tutorials_ sections in the sidebar.

## 💫 Deploy

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby-starter-default)

Commit message:

Adding description on Readme about pages created without using Layout component.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.gatsbyjs.org">
    <img alt="Gatsby" src="https://www.gatsbyjs.org/monogram.svg" width="60" />
  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">
  Gatsby's default starter
</h1>

Kick off your project with this default boilerplate ([live demo](https://gatsby-starter-default-demo.netlify.com/)). This barebones starter ships with the main Gatsby configuration files you might need. 

_Have another more specific idea? You may want to check out our vibrant collection of [official and community-created starters](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/gatsby-starters/)._

## 🚀 Quick start

1.  **Create a Gatsby site.**

    Use the Gatsby CLI to create a new site, specifying the default starter.

    ```sh
    # create a new Gatsby site using the default starter
    npx gatsby new my-default-starter
    ```

1.  **Start developing.**

    Navigate into your new site’s directory and start it up.

    ```sh
    cd my-default-starter/
    gatsby develop
    ```

1.  **Open the source code and start editing!**

    Your site is now running at `http://localhost:8000`!
    
    *Note: You'll also see a second link: `http://localhost:8000/___graphql`. This is a tool you can use to experiment with querying your data. Learn more about using this tool in the [Gatsby tutorial](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/part-five/#introducing-graphiql).*
    
    Open the `my-default-starter` directory in your code editor of choice and edit `src/pages/index.js`. Save your changes and the browser will update in real time!

1.  **Steps to consider**

    You will need to execute  ```"build": "gatsby build"```, in order to generate files and deploy them succesfully into the host server, keep in mind all pages do not use the Layout component will need to use `<></>` a  fragment to include webfonts or global styles like GlobalFonts component define into styledComponents.js file 
    
## 🧐 What's inside?

A quick look at the top-level files and directories you'll see in a Gatsby project.

    .
    ├── node_modules
    ├── src
    ├── .gitignore
    ├── .prettierrc
    ├── gatsby-browser.js
    ├── gatsby-config.js
    ├── gatsby-node.js
    ├── gatsby-ssr.js
    ├── LICENSE
    ├── package-lock.json
    ├── package.json
    ├── README.md
    └── yarn.lock

  1.  **`/node_modules`**: This directory contains all of the modules of code that your project depends on (npm packages) are automatically installed.  
  
  2.  **`/src`**: This directory will contain all of the code related to what you will see on the front-end of your site (what you see in the browser) such as your site header or a page template. `src` is a convention for “source code”.
  
  3.  **`.gitignore`**: This file tells git which files it should not track / not maintain a version history for.
  
  4.  **`.prettierrc`**: This is a configuration file for [Prettier](https://prettier.io/). Prettier is a tool to help keep the formatting of your code consistent.
  
  5.  **`gatsby-browser.js`**: This file is where Gatsby expects to find any usage of the [Gatsby browser APIs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/browser-apis/) (if any). These allow customization/extension of default Gatsby settings affecting the browser.
  
  6.  **`gatsby-config.js`**: This is the main configuration file for a Gatsby site. This is where you can specify information about your site (metadata) like the site title and description, which Gatsby plugins you’d like to include, etc. (Check out the [config docs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/gatsby-config/) for more detail).
  
  7.  **`gatsby-node.js`**: This file is where Gatsby expects to find any usage of the [Gatsby Node APIs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/node-apis/) (if any). These allow customization/extension of default Gatsby settings affecting pieces of the site build process.
  
  8.  **`gatsby-ssr.js`**: This file is where Gatsby expects to find any usage of the [Gatsby server-side rendering APIs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/ssr-apis/) (if any). These allow customization of default Gatsby settings affecting server-side rendering.
  
  9.  **`LICENSE`**: Gatsby is licensed under the MIT license.
  
  10.  **`package-lock.json`** (See `package.json` below, first). This is an automatically generated file based on the exact versions of your npm dependencies that were installed for your project. **(You won’t change this file directly).**
  
  11.  **`package.json`**: A manifest file for Node.js projects, which includes things like metadata (the project’s name, author, etc). This manifest is how npm knows which packages to install for your project.
  
  12.  **`README.md`**: A text file containing useful reference information about your project.
  
  13.  **`yarn.lock`**: [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) is a package manager alternative to npm. You can use either yarn or npm, though all of the Gatsby docs reference npm.  This file serves essentially the same purpose as `package-lock.json`, just for a different package management system.

## 🎓 Learning Gatsby

Looking for more guidance? Full documentation for Gatsby lives [on the website](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/). Here are some places to start:

-   **For most developers, we recommend starting with our [in-depth tutorial for creating a site with Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/).** It starts with zero assumptions about your level of ability and walks through every step of the process.

-   **To dive straight into code samples, head [to our documentation](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/).** In particular, check out the _Guides_, _API Reference_, and _Advanced Tutorials_ sections in the sidebar.

## 💫 Deploy

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby-starter-default)
